time:0 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:0 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:0 philosopher 1 is eating
time:0 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:200 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:200 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:200 philosopher 4 is eating
time:200 philosopher 1 is sleeping
time:200 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:200 philosopher 2 is eating
time:400 philosopher 4 is sleeping
time:400 philosopher 1 is thinking
time:400 philosopher 2 is sleeping
time:400 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:400 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:400 philosopher 3 is eating
time:400 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:400 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:400 philosopher 1 is eating
time:600 philosopher 4 is thinking
time:600 philosopher 3 is sleeping
time:600 philosopher 2 is thinking
time:600 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:600 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:600 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:600 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:600 philosopher 4 is eating
time:600 philosopher 2 is eating
time:600 philosopher 1 is sleeping
time:800 philosopher 3 is thinking
time:800 philosopher 1 is thinking
time:800 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:800 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:800 philosopher 1 is eating
time:800 philosopher 2 is sleeping
time:800 philosopher 4 is sleeping
time:800 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:800 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:800 philosopher 3 is eating
time:1000 philosopher 2 is thinking
time:1001 philosopher 1 is sleeping
time:1001 philosopher 3 is sleeping
time:1001 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:1001 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:1001 philosopher 2 is eating
time:1001 philosopher 4 is thinking
time:1001 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:1001 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:1001 philosopher 4 is eating
time:1201 philosopher 1 is thinking
time:1201 philosopher 3 is thinking
time:1201 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:1201 philosopher 2 is sleeping
time:1201 philosopher 4 is sleeping
time:1201 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:1201 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:1201 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:1201 philosopher 1 is eating
time:1201 philosopher 3 is eating
time:1401 philosopher 2 is thinking
time:1401 philosopher 4 is thinking
time:1401 philosopher 1 is sleeping
time:1401 philosopher 3 is sleeping
time:1401 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:1401 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:1401 philosopher 4 is eating
time:1401 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:1401 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:1402 philosopher 2 is eating
time:1601 philosopher 1 is thinking
time:1602 philosopher 3 is thinking
time:1602 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:1602 philosopher:1 has taken a fork
time:1602 philosopher 1 is eating
time:1602 philosopher 2 is sleeping
time:1602 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:1602 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:1602 philosopher 3 is eating
time:1602 philosopher 4 is sleeping
time:1802 philosopher 2 is thinking
time:1802 philosopher 4 is thinking
time:1802 philosopher 3 is sleeping
time:1802 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:1802 philosopher:2 has taken a fork
time:1802 philosopher 2 is eating
time:1802 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:1802 philosopher:4 has taken a fork
time:1802 philosopher 4 is eating
time:2002 philosopher 3 is thinking
time:2002 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:2003 philosopher:3 has taken a fork
time:2003 philosopher 3 is eating
time:2103 philosopher 1 is dead
